Be more clear about mysql version 8 (#331)
shopware/docs: guides/installation/overview.md

SQL

* MySQL 5.7.21 or higher

>   * MySQL 8.0.20 is not compatible (only this specific version, 8.0.23 for example is working)

Reviewer: I'm not entirely sure why we would need a change here to be honest, as it literally only mentions a single version and not MySQL as a whole.
However, I guess I'd rather have it like this. What do you think?

```suggestion
  * Only MySQL 8.0.20 in specific is not compatible
```

Author: Fine with that :+1: 
I heared already 5 peoples that thinks that mysql 8 in total is not supported.
So I am totaly sure this change is needed. Thx.
